when I'm walking down the street people
are looking at me what they see is a
masterpiece created by the king you are
different
good evening it's Lynn the ball shop for
the night I'm putting together some
Singapore rights little stir-fried and
it's important little dish is a curried
rice noodle and I'm going to feature
this dish tonight with some shrimp and
some of our red pork Xiao Xu that we
just made up on a previous video I think
you'll like this recipe
maybe out in restaurant maybe not give
it a try I think you find it quite
delicious
I'll show you how easy it is right now
all right we've got about three and a
half cups of boiling water here and
we're just going to put in about a half
a pack five ounces of rice noodles we're
trying to cook for about three or four
minutes we'll come back when these are
done and I'll show you the next step
all right the next step in our Singapore
rice noodles we're going to just make
sure that we got this wok nice and hot
put in a little bit of cooking oil and
to that we'll add a foot and a half of
ginger I've got some
no keys shut up Julie's here and some
green onions what we'll do is with the
strip violet together for a minute we're
going to add a little bit of rice wire
let's toss this up a little bit about
three tablespoons in there they'll slip
up nicely steam that off there and into
that we're going to add a tablespoon and
a half of curry stir that in there
Madras curry got some spicy and then
we'll throw in our friend
these are a 50 count prep cook fat small
except for this and this will then add
some of my favorite brand three crab
fish sauce within about a tablespoon and
a half fish sauce to this just stir fry
this for a minute or two and last but
not least we've got some red pork that
we're going to throw back in here you
may have seen on my last video which are
shoe we will stir fry that all together
pick up some of that liquid and we'll
come back here in just a minute to show
how to finish this dish off alright our
shrimp is cooked now I'm going to return
the cooked rice noodles to our wok here
now we're just going to thoroughly mix
all this up use all that curry shrimp
let's get all mixed up in here and let
this go for about a few more minutes on
the wok here we'll be ready to plate
this up take a look at it
all right let the we just
finished up our Singapore style rights
little dish here man that curry rice
noodles look at that red pork that we
made up and that shrimp oh my god that
stuff is good restaurant quality stuff
folks give it a try it's Glen the ball
shelf
thanks for watching and as always
benefit